DOCS-3520: Add Shopify deadline (#2406)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/shopify.md

---
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MultiSafepay/docs/master/static/logo/Integrations/Shopify.svg" width="50" align="right" style="margin: 20px; max-height: 75px"/>

> ❗️ Urgent action required!
> As of July 31, 2022, the deprecated version of the app will no longer be supported. Payments will **not** be processed. 

> > [Migrate to our updated app](#installation) as soon as possible.

Author: ```suggestion
> [Migrate to our updated app](#how-to-install) as soon as possible.
```
